Sean Walla Walla is the name of a company created by Sean Myrick on may 15th 2015 made in Walla Walla washington in the united states. Sean started out on scratch earlier than this, however. The channel was created after the scratch account. Sean Walla Walla started out as a minecraft channel, but it got boring, and he got embarrased, so he switched the way he does things. Sean's channel was growing slowly. Once sean transitioned from minecraft videos, he moved on to other games, like clash of clans, boom beach, nebulous and more. Sean occasionally made nature videos and timelapse videos from time to time. A huge transition was made in 2016. Sean started making his videos in edited formats through the YouTube creator studio. Sean put uploading to the max for about a year, before YouTube stopped letting him do it. In this one year, over 15000 videos were created, due to sped up 2x, sped up 4x, sped up 6x, slow motion 2x, slow motion 4x, and slow motion 8x variants of each of his new uploads. In 2016, he also started making statistic videos. 

A statistic video is a video of showing off the progress in a game or program to see how i progress, and change each day. A lot of people started to not like the idea later in 2017, but it had been a confirmed content type. 

== Logo History ==
Sean has changed his logo several times throughout his channel history. It used to be called "Team TRM" which was an inspiration to the british youtuber dantdms "Team TDM" slogan. DanTDMs slogan means The Diamond Minecart, while seans meant The Iron Melon. Due to the unoriginality of this, sean changed it in 2016, but the old TRM logo can still be seen in future logos, but it has been downsized as much as possible. In august 2016, sean switched his logo type to Seasonal, and would change his logo 24 times per year, for different months and holidays. Sean made 24 logos, but in March 2018, sean stopped changing them

== Content ==
Sean is known for a large variety of content. It started out as a gaming channel, but it expanded massively. It expanded to Gaming, nature, announcements, time lapse, tours, animations, books, statistics, ads, skits, construction, how-tos and more.This was resulting in too many uploads to the main channel, and a channel migration started. Sean began to create new channels for different content categories. 

== Channels ==
as of march 23rd 2018, Sean has 8 YouTube channels, but only has full access to 7
# Sean Walla walla (main channel)
# Sean Walla Walla second channel (second channel)
# Vern M (dad's account, but still managed by sean)
# Sean Walla Walla Live! (live streaming channel)
# Sean Walla Walla business (business channel)
# Sean Walla Walla ELibrary (Electronic book library
# Sean Walla Walla animations (animation channel)
# Sean walla walla gaming (gaming channel

== Other Social Platforms ==
Sean continued to expand his mark on the internet. Sean created a facebook account for his YouTube channel. In october 2016, sean joined twitter, under the name @seanwallawalla. as of march 23rd 2018 has twitter accounts
# @seanwallawalla (main twitter account)
# @seanwallawalla2 (second twitter account)
# @seanwallawallaB (business twitter account)
# @seanwallawallaL (live streaming twitter account)
# @seanwallawallaA (animation twitter account)
# @seanwallawallaE (electronic library twitter account
Sean also has 3 scratch accounts
# @seanspokane2015 (first account)
# @seanwallawalla (main account)
# @gruffpatch (a parody of the scratcn user, griffpatch)
Sean also has a tumblr account, that he rarely uses
# Seanwallawalla

== Gaming ==
Sean has played several games during the history of his channel, but it all started with his minecraft videos (which he is not very proud of) sean has also played
# Happy wheels
# nebulous
# orbulous
# dumb ways to die
# slime rancher
# tube tycoon
# five nights at freddys
# five nights at freddys 2
# five nights at freddys 3
# five nights at freddys 4
# clash royale
# clash of clans
# boom beach
# hay day
# yandere simulator
# yoot tower
# the oregon trail
# restaurant story
# bakery story
# pet shop story
# fashion story
# farm story
# windows crap editon 5.0
# windows crap edition 12.0
# windows RG (Very good edition)
# nitro type
# super mario run (privated due to copyright issues)
# hill climb racing

== Skit videos ==
in late 2017, Sean started making skit videos with his brother mitchell. This started a massive satire series of sean and mitchell parodying jokes on the internet, with no animations, completely unedited. The series took several breaks, because of arguments between sean and mitchell, but it still gets new updates every once in a while. On the first day of the series, 3 episodes were made

== Wikirip videos ==
on Seans library channel, he started a series about wikirips. a wikirip is a wikipedia page that has been copied, and converted into 6 different formats
# docx (microsoft office)
# txt (text document)
# rtf (rich text format)
# xps (xps document)
# pdf (Portable Document Format)
# zip (all 5 of them)
making the videos is basic to Sean, but they take 15 to 30 minutes per video. Sean converts the document in these formats, then uploads the videos to google drive, then sean gets the links and makes a description for them. the videos aren't very complex, they are only 14 seconds long. Sean starts the video with a thumbnail frame for 7 seconds, then a frame about the download formats for the next 7 seconds. All the videos are made using MS-PAINT, and windows movie maker 2012. Since wikipedia is a free dictionary, Sean is able to make the wikirip videos, so that people can download older versions for offline, or to see older versions of the documents. Sean only uploads 1 wikirip video a day. After a while, Sean got tired of uploading wikirip videos every single day, so he started to make them only on weekdays (monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, and friday) but no longer on saturday and Sunday. For the thumbnails, Sean puts the text for the name of the document, then the text "wikrip" directly below it, then sean puts a picture about the document on the left side of the image. 

== Mass media empire ==
as of march 23rd 2018, sean has over 28000 videos on his main channel. Sean stopped making videos in such high loads, so the count doesn't go up as high daily anymore. it used to go up by over a hundred daily. Sean refers to this as a Mass Media Empire.
