Sean Walla Walla is the name of a company created by Sean Myrick on may 15th 2015 made in [[Walla Walla, Washington|Walla Walla washington]] in the [[United States|united states]]. Sean started out on scratch earlier than this, however. The channel was created after the scratch account. Sean Walla Walla started out as a [[minecraft]] channel, but it got boring, and he got embarrased, so he switched the way he does things. Sean's channel was growing slowly. Once sean transitioned from [[minecraft]] videos, he moved on to other games, like [[Clash of Clans|clash of clans,]] [[Boom Beach|boom beach]], [[nebulous]] and more. Sean occasionally made nature videos and [[Time-lapse photography|time lapse]] videos from time to time. A huge transition was made in 2016. Sean started making his videos in edited formats through the [[YouTube]] creator studio. Sean put uploading to the max for about a year, before [[YouTube]] stopped letting him do it. In this one year, over 15000 videos were created, due to sped up 2x, sped up 4x, sped up 6x, slow motion 2x, slow motion 4x, and slow motion 8x variants of each of his new uploads. In 2016, he also started making [[statistic]] videos. 

A [[statistic]] video is a video of showing off the progress in a [[game]] or [[program]] to see how i progress, and change each day. A lot of people started to not like the idea later in 2017, but it had been a confirmed [[content]] type. 

== Logo History ==
Sean has changed his [[logo]] several times throughout his channel history. It used to be called "Team TRM" which was an inspiration to the british [[youtuber]] [[DanTDM|dantdms]] "Team TDM" slogan. [[DanTDM|DanTDMs]] slogan means [[The Diamond Minecart]], while seans meant The Iron Melon. Due to the unoriginality of this, sean changed it in 2016, but the old TRM [[logo]] can still be seen in future logos, but it has been downsized as much as possible. In august 2016, sean switched his logo type to Seasonal, and would change his logo 24 times per year, for different months and holidays. Sean made 24 logos, but in March 2018, sean stopped changing them

== Content ==
Sean is known for a large variety of content. It started out as a [[gaming]] channel, but it expanded massively. It expanded to [[Gaming]], [[nature]], [[Announcement|announcements]], [[Time-lapse photography|time lapse]], [[Tourism|tours]], [[Animation|animations]], [[Book|books]], [[statistics]], [[ADS|ads]], [[skits]], [[construction]], how-tos and more.This was resulting in too many uploads to the main channel, and a channel [[migration]] started. Sean began to create new channels for different [[content]] categories. 

== Channels ==
as of march 23rd 2018, Sean has 8 [[YouTube]] channels, but only has full access to 7
# Sean Walla walla (main channel)
# Sean Walla Walla second channel (second channel)
# Vern M (dad's account, but still managed by sean)
# Sean Walla Walla Live! (live streaming channel)
# Sean Walla Walla business [[Business|(business]] channel)
# Sean Walla Walla ELibrary ([[Electronic]] book library
# Sean Walla Walla animations [[Animation|(animation]] channel)
# Sean walla walla gaming ([[gaming]] channel)

== Other Social Platforms ==
Sean continued to expand his mark on the internet. Sean created a [[facebook]] account for his [[YouTube]] channel. In october 2016, sean joined [[Twitter|twitter,]] under the name @seanwallawalla. as of march 23rd 2018 has 6 [[twitter]] accounts
# @seanwallawalla (main [[twitter]] account)
# @seanwallawalla2 (second [[twitter]] account)
# @seanwallawallaB ([[business]] [[twitter]] account)
# @seanwallawallaL ([[live streaming]] [[twitter]] account)
# @seanwallawallaA ([[animation]] [[twitter]] account)
# @seanwallawallaE ([[electronic]] [[library]] [[twitter]] account
Sean also has 3 scratch accounts
# @seanspokane2015 (first account)
# @seanwallawalla (main account)
# @gruffpatch (a parody of the scratch user, [[griffpatch]])
Sean also has a [[tumblr]] account, that he rarely uses
# Seanwallawalla

== Gaming ==
Sean has played several games during the history of his channel, but it all started with his [[minecraft]] videos (which he is not very proud of) sean has also played
# [[Happy Wheels|Happy wheels]]
# [[nebulous]]
# [[orbulous]]
# [[Dumb Ways to Die|dumb ways to die]]
# [[Slime Rancher|slime rancher]]
# [[tube tycoon]]
# [[Five Nights at Freddy's (video game)|five nights at freddys]]
# [[Five Nights at Freddy's 2|five nights at freddys 2]]
# [[Five Nights at Freddy's 3|five nights at freddys 3]]
# [[Five Nights at Freddy's 4|five nights at freddys 4]]
# [[Clash Royale|clash royale]]
# [[Clash of Clans|clash of clans]]
# [[Boom Beach|boom beach]]
# [[Hay Day|hay day]]
# [[Yandere Simulator|yandere simulator]]
# [[Yoot Tower|yoot tower]]
# [[The Oregon Trail (video game)|the oregon trail]]
# [[restaurant story]]
# [[bakery story]]
# [[pet shop story]]
# [[Fashion Story: Model|fashion story]]
# farm story
# [[windows crap editon 5.0]]
# [[windows crap edition 12.0]]
# [[windows RG (Very good edition)]]
# [[nitro type]]
# [[Super Mario Run|super mario run]] (privated due to copyright issues)
# [[Hill Climb Racing (video game)|hill climb racing]]

== Skit videos ==
in late 2017, Sean started making [[skit]] videos with his brother mitchell. This started a massive [[satire]] series of sean and mitchell parodying jokes on the [[internet]], with no animations, completely unedited. The [[series]] took several breaks, because of arguments between sean and mitchell, but it still gets new [[Update|updates]] every once in a while. On the first day of the series, 3 episodes were made

== Wikirip videos ==
on Seans [[library]] channel, he started a [[series]] about wikirips. a wikirip is a [[wikipedia]] page that has been copied, and converted into 6 different [[Format|formats]]
# docx ([[Microsoft Office 2013|microsoft office]])
# txt ([[text document]])
# rtf ([[Rich Text Format|rich text format]])
# xps ([[XPS Document|xps document)]]
# pdf ([[Portable Document Format]])
# zip (all 5 of them)
making the videos is basic to Sean, but they take 15 to 30 minutes per video. Sean converts the [[document]] in these [[Format|formats]], then uploads the videos to [[Google Drive|google drive]], then sean gets the [[Link|links]] and makes a [[description]] for them. the videos aren't very [[complex]], they are only 14 seconds long. Sean starts the video with a [[thumbnail]] frame for 7 seconds, then a frame about the [[download]] [[Format|formats]] for the next 7 seconds. All the videos are made using [[Microsoft Paint|MS-PAINT]], and [[windows movie maker 2012]]. Since [[wikipedia]] is a free online [[encyclopedia]], Sean is able to make the wikirip videos, so that people can [[download]] older versions for [[Online and offline|offline]], or to see older versions of the [[Document|documents]]. Sean only [[Upload|uploads]] 1 wikirip video a day. After a while, Sean got tired of [[uploading]] wikirip [[videos]] every single day, so he started to make them only on [[Workweek and weekend|weekdays]] ([[Monday|monday,]] [[tuesday]], [[wednesday]], [[thursday]], and [[friday]]) but no longer on [[saturday]] and [[Sunday]]. For the [[Thumbnail|thumbnails]], Sean puts the text for the name of the [[document]], then the text "wikirip" directly below it, then sean puts a picture about the [[document]] on the left side of the [[image]]. 

== Mass media empire ==
as of march 23rd 2018, sean has over 28000 [[videos]] on his main channel. Sean stopped making videos in such high loads, so the count doesn't go up as high [[daily]] anymore. it used to go up by over a hundred daily. Sean refers to this as a Mass Media Empire.

== The team ==
From may 15th 2015 to march 23rd 2018, Sean himself has done 99.8% of all the [[work]], managing, [[editing]], and creating [[content]], and channels for this [[network]]. However, Sean doesn't work entirely [[alone]], as he has a few helpers, so he can have time to [[relax]].

== Second Channel ==
on Sean's second [[channel]], he mostly uploads skit videos, and [[Khan Academy|khan academy]] [[statistic]] [[Video (disambiguation)|videos]]. This [[channel]] is not as [[active]] as the main [[channel]], but it contains [[Importance|important]] elements for the [[network]]. The second channel was created on -- -- 2017

== Commenting ==
Sean is an [[active]] commentor in the [[YouTube]] [[Community|community.]] He [[Comment|comments]] from most of his channels. Sean is not an entirely [[ordinary]] commentor. Sean is setting an [[example]] to [[leave]] [[Comment|comments]] like the [[classic]] [[Comment|comments]] on [[YouTube]], with no like-baiting or [[advertising]]. He also doesn't leave [[Hatred|hate]] [[Comment|comments]], and [[Comment|comments]] about the video (or something in the video, or a [[question]]) Unfortunately, he hasn't followed this rule 100%, but over 80% of the time, this rule is followed

== Editing ==
Sean used to put very minimal editing in his videos before late 2017, but ever since then, Sean has been actively editing his videos

Editing programs used:
# Windows Movie Maker 2012
# Adobe Photoshop CC 2015.1
# Adobe Animate CC 2017.1
# MS-PAINT
# YouTube editor
<references />
