== welcome ==

It has been compiled since Yongle and compiled from the four libraries. The ancient and modern atlas are fully collected. But in the recent times, the truth is known, and a hundred schools of thought contend. Western learning spreads eastward, each with its own beginning and end. The gentry are vast, far from being caught. There are many who doubt the ancients, and there are many who resent the old. So he denounced Confucianism and devalued rationality. The Ming of Yin and Zhou is not a demon; If this is the case, it has been a hundred years since then. Meeting people with lofty ideals in the Western countries, establishing codes on the Internet, and creating a precedent for common writing. We have stolen one place, and used classical Chinese to seek ancient methods, to carry the road to the new world, to promote Chinese literature, and to rejuvenate a thousand-year-old country. Therefore, there is an urgent need for people who are good at ancient texts and broaden modern Taoism. I wish that I could travel together with my feet, and make a grand ceremony together, to cultivate the abolished way of the past, and to bring the new knowledge of the present.

In addition, the Wikipedia of ancient texts is different from foreign languages because of its origins in ancient times. It is advisable to read the laws, regulations, and rules first, in order to find the same way.

If you have any inquiries, please come to the clubhouse. Yan language is the same as before, and there is nothing wrong with it.
